docs: ensure all Data Schema reference pages have consistent table of contents (#3265)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Schema/Reference/joins.md

example, a simple check of whether the column value `IS NOT NULL` by using [set
filter][ref-restapi-query-filter-op-set] satisfies this requirement.

## Naming

The name of a join should match the [name of the external

> cube][ref-schema-cube-naming]. For an example where a `Products` cube is being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cube][ref-schema-cube-naming]. For example when a `Products` cube is being
```
